How could countless people be removed from the family tree?
Wife
You were sick before and didn't know where it was.
The genealogy thing has another engine
OK.
It turns out that my second aunt doesn't know about this.
You Lu father and son are satisfied with this kind of thing
Second aunt, I really regret it.
Back then, your Lu family had nothing
He married my sister
Now.
You helped your son to deceive other little girls
No, it doesn't.
Peerless was not removed
What is not delisting?
Only treason is treated like this
Lu Wushuang is treason
Nonsense no treason
Not delisted from the family tree
How do you explain this genealogy thing?